docs: rework documentation by adding a dedicate Contributing.md (#307)
BedrockStreaming/tech.bedrockstreaming.com: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## How to install the project ?

### With Ruby and Gem

```shell
git clone https://github.com/BedrockStreaming/tech.bedrockstreaming.com.git
cd tech.bedrockstreaming.com
sudo gem install jekyll bundler
bundle install
```

Then run this command to run a dev server locally.
```shell
bundle exec jekyll serve
```

:warning: There are some issues to run this project on M1 archi for now.

### With docker

You can use docker to run the tech blog locally.

```shell
docker build -t tech-blog .
docker run -p 8080:8080 tech-blog 
```

## How to add an article to the blog ?
 
All articles are listed in the `_posts` folder.
Each article is a Markdown file name like this `YYYY-MM-DD-article-slug.md` where date is the date of publication.
:information: If you put a future date of publication, your article won't be visible until this date is passed.

> Make sure ton complete the _frontmatter_ part of your Markdown file in order to define at least those attirbutes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to complete the _frontmatter_ part of your Markdown file in order to define at least those attributes:
```

- [How to customize the color used on a post page ?](https://sylhare.github.io/Type-on-Strap/2019/05/18/color-post.html)
- [How to use images in your post ?](https://sylhare.github.io/Type-on-Strap/2014/11/29/feature-images.html)
  You can store your images in _images/post_ folder of this repository.  
  Don't forget to compress them for performances with tools like [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/)
- [How to add code examples ?](https://sylhare.github.io/Type-on-Strap/2014/08/08/Markup-Syntax-Highlighting.html)
- [How to add simple Diagrams with _Mermaids_?](https://sylhare.github.io/Type-on-Strap/2013/11/02/Tech-stuff-example.html#Mermaid)
  Mermaid is a really powerful tool to generate Diagram dynamically with some text.
  Check [Mermaid documentation](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/#/).
- How to add an author ? 
  Edit `_data/authors.yml` file to add an author directly in the Yaml file.
  Author could have a name, an URL and an avatar (which could be a distant file or an image hosted in _images/author_ directory).
  Then use the author id in the post frontmatter configuration key named `author`.

> In order to add new article, you should open a Pull Request on this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to add a new article, you should open a Pull Request on this repository.
```
